Reading
PERSONAL LOAN VS CREDIT CARD
A personal loan is a type of loan paid at a predetermined rate over a predetermined amount of time. In most cases, when you take out a personal loan, you can use the money for whatever you want - as long as you keep making your payments.
Compared to credit cards, personal loans typically have a lower interest rate, which means you'll pay less to borrow the money over time. Additionally, the fixed payment structure with most personal loans makes it easy to anticipate just how much you'll need to pay each month. These loans are also great if you need to borrow a large amount of money or are otherwise looking to consolidate debt.
At the same time, personal loans might be expensive or difficult to acquire if your credit isn't great. The lack of flexibility might also turn away some applicants, as you'll be expected to make the monthly payment regardless of how much you spend. This is why credit cards are often considered a fallback option.
On the other hand, credit cards involve borrowing from a rolling line of credit - you borrow what you need when you need it and, as long as you make your payments before the next billing cycle, you can pay back your borrowings as needed without interest. If your debt rolls into the next month, you'll receive an interest charge.
Credit cards are desirable because they offer high amounts of flexibility, can potentially offer rewards like cash back or airline points, and are usually reasonably easy to qualify for. There are currently an estimated 1.1 billion credit cards used in the United States or about four for every American adult. However, these cards might also carry annual fees and higher interest rates, and not to mention, it is easy to get into a large amount of credit card debt without a proper plan.
---
1. What is one advantage of personal loans over credit cards mentioned in the text?
!Lower interest rates
Higher credit limits
Easier qualification process
More flexible payment options
---
2. According to the text, what is a potential disadvantage of personal loans?
Fixed payment structure
Ability to consolidate debt
!Difficulty with acquiring the loan
Requirement to make monthly payments regardless of spending
---
3. How are credit cards different from personal loans in terms of borrowing?
Credit limit is predetermined
Interest is charged no matter if payment is late or not
Payments are fixed amounts monthly
!Borrow what you need when you need it
---
4. What is a key benefit of credit cards mentioned in the text?
Higher interest rates
Limited credit availability
!Rewards like cash back or airline points
Difficulty in qualifying for the card
---
5. Why are credit cards often considered a fallback option according to the text?
Lack of flexibility
!Potential for high interest rates
Easy qualification process
Lower annual fees